Ah.
So the next thing we want to do is work on edit and delete.
All right, so let's work on delete first a little bit more easier and then we welcome the editors rule.
So for edit, let me show you the finished project.
So for delete, it's quite straightforward.
We created the endpoint in the back end and then we make a request, send the the category I.D. and
we will find the category about 18 delete in the database.
So that's done for edit.
We hope we can use something like this so we can use a model.
We could take the user to a separate page as well, but that's not necessary.
So we're going to implement like this.
So we show this currently clicked category in the model and then user can just make some changes
in content and that will immediately object.
All right, so that's what we're trying to achieve.
Now let's work on the delete first.
So let me head over to the back end.
Create a road for delete.
See here.
Don't do it.
So this is going to be a delayed request.
So they did something called delete.
We can use that to get post delete and for update.
We need to use a put method after order delete to delete a category.
We need to send the category ID.
Right.
So you can send the ID.
You can send the slug.
We have the slug as well for each category which is unique.
So we can use that as well.
Okay.
So any parameters you will be sending in the round, you can grab that dynamic value using this column
and the name.
So whatever name you can give, it doesn't have to be a slug.
It can be anything but whatever name you use here.
The same name you have to use in your control function to access that value from the root params.
Okay.
So category slug.
To delete the user must be logged in and user must be admin.
So that's perfect.
And we can call it a remove remove category.
I guess it is around dysfunction.
In our control
remove category.
It's good to control this category and this spread that.
Export funds remove category to async.
So we try.
Okay.
So let me just.
Use this term land help.
But I'm going to explain what's happening here.
So we destruct a slug from the request for and so it is here and you can see any name you give in the
route that will be accessible as a request.
Params, I guess you could call it idea as well.
So if you called it already, then you would be able to access that as I think.
So whatever name you used in the road, make sure to use the same name in the control.
So you we destock to that value from the request forms and then we tried to find the category from the
database.
So await category and this category model, we can use this function, find one and delete.
So this is a function you can use with Mungo's find one and delete.
So you want to find one by the named slug so you don't have to do this.
It's in the key value of essentially just leave it.
So find one and delete based on the slug.
All right.
And then you can send the deleted category.
To your client.
Right.
So the benefit of this one, you going to send okay.
To.
But if you send the deleted category, then we can remove that particular category from this list and
then update the UI immediately.
I guess that's the beauty.
So we can send the deleted category as a response.
So that is all we need to remove the category.
No.
Let's go.
To all categories is here in the front end and implement the delete.
Now you said we got those links, edit and delete.
So let's work on the edit first and click.
I think you want to execute a function, so you add a function.
Otherwise the court will continuously execute.
And that is not something where you want it, right?
So arrow function and click.
You want to execute a function, let's call it handle.
Andrew Tillett.
You give the item, I guess whichever item you're trying to do, do you give them?
Because in this function, we need to access the items slowly and we need to send that in the back in
this way.
So categories less, the items slow, we will be sending it.
I got to handle that for them.
This one.
Const Andrew delete in Stuart async time.
So here we try.
Cats in control long the.
And let me actually just.
Okay, so we're using the toast notifications.
That's nice.
So if there is an error, we can.
So.
The toast notification as well.
Toasted
category delete failed.
So.
So that otherwise.
Can you use excuse to pronounce data equals to await access to delete we make a delete request the endpoint
let's use back ticks.
So category is less.
Delete Slim double.
Take the right category and we have to send this log.
So we can get the slug using item.
Don't slug.
That's it.
That's how we can make a deal request send this dynamic value in the right params and here we get the
deleted category.
All right.
So when you get the deleted category, what you want to do is you want to filter out.
So this filter function takes another function as an argument against it.
This is a error function.
So you can see categories that filter our filter function gets access to its categories in the array,
so it compares its categories.
So each of them, their ID if then doesn't match with the this deleted category is 80, then all of
them I want to filter out and set it back again as the categories.
But the one that matters we don't want, right?
So all the one that doesn't match, we filter out and again put them in this state using set categories.
Now get with this.
Now let's give it a try.
When we delete, we should.
See this list filter out immediately.
So let's let's create some random category.
Let me try to do better.
You can see that's gone immediately.
Beautiful.
Now, when it is deleted, we can show some kind of full dose notification dose dot success category.
Delete it successfully.
All right.
You can see we can do it.
Maybe even though it's a success and it's just so kind of error, actually.
Not nicely.
You know, we should.
Continue using it to success.
Obviously, it might look like some kind of flicker so beautiful where you can this to lead the categories
that we've done in it.
Beautiful.
So we have been able to create.
Categories.
Delete categories.
So are the categories now.
Only thing left is edit the category.